# 1990

## N8

- It is probably May or June.
- The previous summer, in 1989, I was targeted by the North London Jamaican rape-gangs based in Tottenham and elsewhere.
- I am suffering from PTSD. However, I have stopped smoking pot (which brought it on like a tidal wave) and instead I find some comfort and release in drinking alcohol.
- I am still hanging out with the friends who were around me at the time I was targeted; Geetha, Willow, etc.
- They bully me due to my PTSD symptoms which are easy to pick on, I believe at the time.
- Most weekends, we go up to Muswell Hill for a drink at the Swiss Chalet pub.
- I'm unaware that I star in numerous rape-porn films that have been flying around North London and elsewhere that have been seen by a whole bunch of people - it's interesting, I wonder how they did that, did they share VHS's around, lend them out to each other? I guess that's it.
- A lot of the adult men drinking at the Swiss Chalet will have been aware of this, if not happy viewers themselves.
- One Saturday night, we're standing outside in the front area, and someone approaches us.
- It's Carl Brian, and we all know him somehow (I can't remember how though, just from going out at the weekend to house parties probably).
- Carl is a few years older than us.
- He's talking excitedly about his new band and how they're making a record and looking for a keyboard player.
- Geetha, Willow, and Cathy all pipe up: *oh Katie plays the piano, don't you Katie*.
- I said yes.
- And then they say, *and she raps too, don't you Katie*.
- (The men all called me Kate - I'm not sure why but I suspect it's a porn-name, Mad Kate maybe, something I mentioned in my [2015 statement to the Metropolitan Police](../2011-to-2020/2015.md#statement-to-the-metropolitan-police)).
- Carl seems to be amazed and delighted about this and says repeatedly, *wow, we definitely need a rapper*.
- And he invited me to band practice the following week.
- This was like a miracle for me because I was so unhappy hanging around these girls who clearly despised me.
- It was a breath of fresh air in my life.

### Rapping

- Winston May was a rapper and he used to spend long periods rapping to me while I was high and coming down off something, or coming out of sedation.
- I would end up hoping he'd shut up soon, but I never said anything.
- I didn't talk.
- In true empath style, when I got out of his clutches, I start rapping in a similar style.
- At the time, I explained this capacity to mimic as the only way I could control my situation in a place where I had zero control in a dangerous way.
- I felt it was like taking over them, when they had taken over me already.
- So I had started rapping, writing lyrics, and I had told my friends about it.

### Carl Brian

- Carl is seeing Susana Shaw, she's a bit older than me, maybe by five years.
- She had been in a "relationship" with a body builder when she was younger and got sucked into the testosterone thing.. and would tell me stories about how they'd have sex on his car bonnet in the middle of a petrol station forecourt, things like that.
- I had no idea this was a *MASSIVE* abuse red flag at the time, or I had started to close up to anything that might trigger a PTSD reaction. It's not clear. I realized only in the last ten years how dodgy that all was.
- Anyway. Carl is seeing her, or he had been shagging her from time to time, and then they've split up and he hits on me, and we have sex one night at his house... and then he ghosts me.
- But we're still in the band and I see him every week twice or three times a week for practice.
- And I just think he's a pillock.
- (Scrub actually).

### Chris Ludwick

- Carl's partner for the band he's calling N8 (the Hornsey post code) is Chris Ludwick and band practice is at Chris's house in Chris's bedroom.
- Chris is an even older man than Carl.
- Other people often come round for band practice; often adult male friends of Chris such as Oliver who is in a band now and others.
- The room is often quite full of people for band practice.
- It's hard for me to be in a room with a bunch of adult men for long periods so I bring a drink with me to relax.
- I rarely speak.
- No-one knows what I'm thinking.
- Chris Ludwick is very kind to me and we become firm friends.
- I trust him, for a very long time (that pathological thing again...).

### The record

- We make a record. It's very exciting.
- A woman called Sarah is singing on it and she's amazing..