# 2005

## Women's retreat with Sat Santokh

- In January, in Barcelona, I attend a woman's well-being retreat at the Kundalini yoga centre.
- It was recommended to me by my homeopathist, Peter Smith, working at [the Hale Clinic](https://www.haleclinic.com/) after I told him I was trying to remember the details of sexual abuse from 1989 - I had not yet remembered anything or been to the police at that time.
- I meet Inma from Madrid here and we remain friends.
- Inma turns out to be a professional retreat-attender and is probably reporting back to the Spanish government about these things - I guess whether they're dangerous in any way, whether there's any weird stuff going on.
- She will play a significant support role in the 2022-2025 Dénia conservatory porn scam events.
- I meet a woman called Lydie here who looks *exactly* like Marion Cotillard from [Inception](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/27205-inception).
- A curious synchronicity is that [Mike Wenham](2010.md#mike-wenham) will invite the department to the cinema in 2010, and take us to see Inception in High Wycombe; random I know, but curious.
- The retreat is run by an ex-roadie of the Grateful Dead, [Sat Santokh](https://www.satsantokh.com/), whose daughter Snatam Kaur has cornered the Western Indian-spiritual-music market.
- I'm there hoping to remember something significant from August 1989.
- I don't.
- All I can see is my 16-year-old self in the back of an open-top, burgundy VW Golf parked in Plevna Crescent Tottenham, with Leon and Winston May in the front, and a terrifying man who looks like Chris Rock approaching the car, shouting and behaving extraordinarily bizarrely, calling me names, while a grey wall of mist comes down over the scene...

## Warrior in the Heart

### Richard works for the criminal gangs

- As part of my healing process from child sexual abuse by North London rape gangs, I study shamanism in Glastonbury UK with the [Warrior in the Heart](https://www.facebook.com/warriorintheheart/) organization run by Howard & Elsa Malpas.
- It's a year long course, and we meet four times in Glastonbury.
- The group is small; about seven women and two men.
- One of the men seems extremely out of place; Richard.
- He's staying in the same guesthouse as me, Berachah. 
- Coincidence? I think not.
- He tells us he has just got out of prison for cocaine trafficking and he's looking for a wife.
- The first statement seemed reasonable, the second less so as he ended up bedding a good few of the ladies on the course. 
- Not me, by the way, but he was inordinately interested in me.
- Inordinately interested.
- He took me out to dinner and asked me if got my money from prostitution. I was mortified and really angry.
- He kept mentioning how he'd just got back from his apartment on the Algarve in Portugal, where he'd been with a woman who had shouted really loudly when he told her to let it all out, or something like that. 
- Apparently she had screamed really loudly, all the neighbors must have heard, he chuckled at that point, and then explained it as her healing process that he was somehow directing.
- He then suggested I had come into my wealth during the `.com` boom.
- I told him I loved him.
- At one of our meetings, in August, he suggested I have a threesome with him and his lady friend from nearby town Somerton who looked a bit like Lady Diana. 
- He was getting annoying.
- He clearly knew I had money, and he wanted to know where it came from.
- One morning, doing yoga, he just came out with it. "Where did you get your money?"
- I told him; "international terrorism", which was true.
- He giggled and said, "I expect you did."
- Later, he persuaded me to go to an all night festival with him in Cheddar Gorge, the Big Green Gathering; one of the other participants was going to be there running a chai café.
- I had a dreadful chest infection, but went along anyway.
- After arriving, I just got sicker and sicker. I was running a temperature, and I had to lie down.
- I knew I might get pneumonia if I had to sleep in a field.
- I told Richard I was going to have to leave, and asked him if he wouldn't mind taking me to somewhere I could pick up a taxi and go to a hotel.
- He was furious.
- I demanded he do so; it would take him 30 minutes max and he'd be back at the festival.
- He was so angry with me; it didn't make any sense to me that he would be so angry with me. He'd pretty much ignored me from the moment we arrived.
- In the end, weirdly, we both left the festival for the night.
- He drove us back to his house in Bristol and he gave me his bed to sleep in while he slept on the couch.
- On the way back to his in the car, he was still angry and having a bit of a rant.
- I remember he kept saying; "I'm not scared of the Adams family."
- I had no idea what he was going on about.
- Now maybe I do.
- Years later Howard, Elsa, and I remembered him. We all remarked on what hard work he was.
- We three had wondered if he was a policeman. He had that officious air about him.
- He definitely had hidden motives.
- He was definitely a character. 

!!! info "What does this all mean?"
    - This was before my mind cracked open in December 2005 and I remembered being gang-raped semi-sedated in Tottenham North London.
    - I guess this means I was a target for blackmail with child rape-porn as early as 2005 and Richard was checking me out probably with the intention of setting some scam up at the festival that night, or maybe even a porn rerun. 
    - He clearly knew I had money, and he wanted to know where it came from.
    - Would he be able to tell us who else was interested in my money?

- Richard ended up in a serious relationship with one of the course practitioners who at that time had a six-year-old daughter Mazey (I can't remember the mother's name).
- We all heard how he had been violent towards the woman and one time he locked her in the fridge.

#### Flying from Spain and Portugal to the South of England

- Richard talked about how he often flew from south of England over to Spain and Portugal on a small aircraft, perhaps just a one or two passenger craft, perhaps not quite a plane.
- I remember this because I was in Madrid at the time and he kept saying yeah I can get to Madrid from England anytime on it.

## Mantak Chia

- In May of this year I travel to Chiang Mai in Thailand to attend a female sexual Taoist practice course.
- I become addicted to masturbating for some time after this, maybe a few years.
- I meet a woman on the course who I may [see talking to Domingo in Denia in 2014](2014.md#i-can-describe-her-perfectly).
