# 2007

<div id="google_translate_element"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="//translate.google.com/translate_a/element.js?cb=googleTranslateElementInit"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
function googleTranslateElementInit() {
  new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');
}
</script>

## Javea Computer Club

- Around this time I join the [Javea Computer Club](https://javeacomputerclub.com/). I am introduced to Christine, the chair at the time, by a member of the U3A.
- Christine and I become friends and she is very supportive of my PhD efforts.
- The club is extremely busy in the years I visit, 2007-9, and 2012-13.
- It is now not so busy.
- At some point in 2008, I believe, Christine insisted I borrow one of their computers. I had no need for it at all but she pushed it on me. I wonder why now. I borrowed it for a while and returned it. I often walked around naked in my flat in front of it. I wonder if there was a camera inside. I was only on a 56k modem at that time so I can't imagine they would be live streaming. 
- I wonder if the JCC is another central point where incoming expats to the region are assessed for targeting, i.e. how much money they have, if they are sensitive or vulnerable, etc. 
- The reason I wonder about this is because my "friend" Christine pretended she knew nothing about what was going on in 2022-24 but, in fact, everyone knew. She threw me to the wolves.
- I think I might vomit if I ever see her again.

## LinguaLink

- I start working part-time for [LinguaLink (now LinguaLogic)](https://lingualogic.es/).
- LinguaLink is owned and run by Elaine Black and her partners, an British ex-pat couple.
- I teach a class on a Friday evening.
- Another woman teaches and finishes at the same time.
- She invites me for a tea after work one evening.
- She is an older woman with an adult daughter Zoe who is around my age, a little older perhaps.
- The whole meeting is about her persuading me to meet Zoe.
- The woman seems nearly desperate I meet her daughter Zoe.
- It's weird and reminds me of Sandra Smith's insistence that I meet her daughter Hazel.
- I'm reluctant mainly because of [the Hazel incident from the year before](2006.md#hazel-smith).
- Zoe's mum mentions how Zoe and Hazel had gone walking in the mountains.
- I become even more reluctant.
- I say I'm too busy, or whatever.
- Zoe's mum is relentless.
- Worn down a bit, I agree to meet Zoe.

## Zoe

- It must be February or March 2007 when I meet Zoe for the first time.
- We go for coffee.
- She spends a great deal of energy lauding the benefits of prostitution.
- I'm pretty horrified.
- It's the usual, oh high class hookers have a great life, type thing.
- I wonder if she is justifying something she does herself or if she is truly that ignorant.
- She has a young teenage daughter she is trying to get into "modelling".
- I find this very troubling.
- I wonder if Asia is safe and well now.
- Hazel Smith is all over this conversation but never mentioned.
- I wonder why Zoe doesn't mention her as her mother had done. 
- Anyway, Zoe and I remain friends.
- I rather liked her company, except for the things she would say sometime which were excruciating.
- When I moved back to Dénia in 2012, I rekindled our friendship.
- We hung out a bit; we were both writing books at that time and had a shared interest.
- Nevertheless, she would say ridiculous things at times, often, and it made my head hurt.

### Lauding male violence

- The death knell in our relationship came one afternoon when we went to the beach for a picnic with her younger daughter.
- Zoe spent the whole time talking about her ex-boyfriends; the violent men she had been in relationships with.
- The whole time.
- Every relationship she recounted was a tale of bitterness, sadness, and violation.
- Her daughter listened eagerly.
- I was horrified.
- It was when she started to retell the relationship she'd had with someone where they'd both been self-harming, I had enough.
- I had to try to reset the tone somehow, and bring back some love.
- I told a story about an ex-boyfriend who had really loved me.
- Zoe's daughter's face went from frowning to smiley.
- I explained that this man had loved me so much, he even loved my farts.
- Zoe starts to get uncomfortable.
- I explain that whenever I farted, on those rare occasions, he would grab me and put his nose right...
- Zoe stands up, and starts shouting; "Stop stop!"
- "That's enough!", she says, implying that she doesn't want her daughter to hear any more of this story.
- I'm flabbergasted.
- How can a loving and intimate, yes a little crazy, story like mine upset Zoe so much, especially when she'd just spent the last couple of hours relating every violent exchange between her and her ex-boyfriends.
- I was trying to present an alternative view to her 11-year-old daughter.
- It made my head hurt so much, I couldn't see Zoe again.
- I couldn't explain her behavior sufficiently to myself so that it made any sense either.
- However, in 2025, in the light of everything we know now, I wonder if she might have been recording our conversation, and for some reason, what I was saying didn't fit into the context of acceptable male violence.
- Were they still trying to groom me into some weird relationship where I would be frightened all the time and hand over my money?
- I expect so.

## Dénia TV

- Sometimes, late, I would flick through the TV channels to see what was going on.
- Usually I'd flick past Dénia TV because the signal was so poor you couldn't see or hear anything - my apartment was not more than a kilometer out of town.
- If it wasn't some weird porn on a loop, it'd be locals talking in a TV studio that looked like someone's garden shed.
- The porn on a loop was remarkable.
- A long blond haired naked woman stood completely still and upright while two naked grinning men ran round her and entered her one after the other.
- The original video lasted about two minutes, less even, and it was replayed over-and-over, week-after-week.
- I never considered the possibility the woman was sedated, but looking back she did indeed seem to be.
- Curiously, I saw one of the men working in the VW garage; the very short stocky one with ginger hair.
