<center><iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?height=314&href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fjack.chardwood.3%2Fvideos%2F1686361321869766%2F&show_text=false&width=560&t=0" width="560" height="314" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe></center>

## Working for Elaine Black

- I worked for Elaine Black a lot over the years I lived in Denia.
- Over 2007-9, I worked for her as part of [Lingualink academy (now Lingualogic)](https://lingualogic.es/en/) which she ran with a British expat couple.
- Later, in 2012-15, I worked for her as part of her own English academy, [the English Studio](https://www.englishstudiodenia.com/), which is still running today and is managed by her trans-identified daughter.
- During the years 2013-14, I also worked for the Spanish academy she worked for, [Grupo Glorieta](https://grupoglorieta.com/), and taught some intensive English classes paid for by the European Union due to the unemployment situation in Spain at that time. My Spanish tax records reflect some, not all, of this work.
- Curiously, the trumpet teacher may have attended one of these classes, under the name Marc, and I found him very attractive but I noticed his wedding ring immediately. I could be wrong but perhaps the man was some relation.

!!! tip "A conversation from that time"
    - Elaine was interested in which of the men in the class I liked, and I told her. 
    - She was surprised it hadn't been someone else, the cowboy type sitting in front of me.
    - I said no, I didn't find the cowboy attractive at all. But the guy sitting at the end of that row, next to the muscle man, yes, I found him very attractive.
    - She looked up thoughtfully and said, "Um, but he's ..." and trailed off. 
    - I asked her, "What is he?". 
    - She said "never mind", and that was that.

- Aside from that, I worked cash-in-hand for Elaine whenever she needed me.
- At some point during this time we had an interesting conversation.
- I believe it was when I was working at Lingualink, so it could have been between November 2008 to March 2009. It had to be in the colder months because we had our coats.
- It was the end of the evening. I was teaching three men from the area, one of whom I [mentioned before](2007.md#hazel-smith), who may have been at HS's apartment the night I was there, and may have been sedated.
- Elaine started to talk about a woman she knew. She started with, "we know this woman" and I thought that to mean she and her friends had been discussing the woman.
- She explained that the woman had a new boyfriend who was a lot younger than her. She kept saying that none of it made any sense.
- Elaine looked thoughtful.
- I started to think about Hazel.
- Elaine went on to say the boyfriend was a footballer, for Denia (maybe), and was extremely well known.
- I asked Elaine if the woman was British.
- Elaine said yes, and then she added that it just didn't make any sense that they would be together.
- I felt it must be Hazel Smith but Elaine did not mention any names.
- I wonder now if this was another example of the sedating and sex-ploitation epidemic in Denia?
- Was Elaine getting suspicious even back then?
- Was that why I often heard people talk badly about Elaine, slandering talk, talk which annoyed me immensely?
- Was Elaine targeted online in the same way as I was, with the intention of destroying her because she knew what was going on and who was behind it?
- Had Elaine whistle-blown as some of the [stalker accounts](../2024/march.md#elaine-threats) appeared to suggest?

!!! tip "Suspicions"
    - The particular account I just linked to (which I now believe was run by the Smiths) was [tag-team gang-stalking me in March 2024 with another account](../2025/january.md#seonaid-dawn-and-granny-smith) owned by a woman who ended up standing for the [Party Of Women in the UK election in July 2024](https://electionresults.parliament.uk/general-elections/6/political-parties/264/elections). 
    - Seonaid appears to be familiar with the [Granny Smith account](../2025/january.md#seonaid-dawn-and-granny-smith) also.

!!! quote "You can't make this stuff up"
    - Indeed, who the hell are these people?
    - https://x.com/1FRGVN/status/1707479849630089437: a tweet response to stalkers from September 2023.
