# 2009

## Alessandra gets sick

- I leave Dénia in 2009. There's no real work and I'm living on savings.
- I return to London until 2012, when I decide to come back after attending [Barbara Loftus' wedding](2012.md#barbaras-wedding).
- A month or so before I leave, I bump into Alessandra in town one afternoon.
- I haven't seen her for a while.
- She tells me she is sick; seriously sick.
- She's anxious and scared; fraught in fact.
- She is happy to see me because wants to talk to me about the systemic candida I suffered as she has related the two things due to the immune system connection - Zoe BJ probably influenced her with this idea.
- She shows me apparently tightened skin on her arms and says this is her main and only symptom, and she could die if she doesn't get treatment immediately.
- I'm not sure what I'm looking at but I trust she's telling the truth because she's so scared.
- Indeed, it's hard to believe Alex is ill; she looks fit and well physically, as robust as ever.
- She tells me she has to have a full bone marrow transplant or she'll die.
- It seems extreme. 
- I'm worried about her.
- She tells me there is a high risk of the procedure failing but her doctor is the best surgeon in Spain in this field, and she trusts him.
- I hear a kind of *reverence* in her description of this man (... the gypsy manipulation tech main feature again)!
- She has the extremely high-risk procedure in Valencia, and thank God survives.
- When I meet her again in 2023, she tells me about the debilitating side-effects of an immune system transplant; breathlessness, can't walk far, weight gain, other things.
- She's stressed too, and her apparently very qualified therapist seems to be getting paid for a rather disinterested chat with her once-a-week. 
- I also believe she is now living in Hazel Smith's apartment in Las Marinas; [the same apartment where Hazel (Fiona) poisoned me in 2007](../early-years/2007.md#hazel-smith).
- After my horrible experiences in Dénia that involved conspiring healthcare professionals, I now suspect Alessandra was never unwell at all.
- I suspect she was manipulated with spiked drugging, just like I was, which was then reinforced with choreographed events, conversations, and meetings, and online activity which made her believe she was ill.
- She probably had "chats" with Hazel who suggested she go to a *recommended* doctor.
- I suspect a diagnosis of ill health was confirmed by conspiring health professionals, and she was told she would die if she did not have this experimental, perilous and invasive treatment whereby all her bone marrow was removed and replaced, leaving her without an immune system (sounds an awful lot like .. "your child will commit suicide if you don't giver her these drugs and let her chop her boobs off" .. the gypsy manipulation tech new feature from at least 2013..).
- Did Hazel also suggest Alessandra talk to me, and set up a "chance" meeting using hacked location software?
- Alex told me she was the first person to have the procedure done in Spain.
- I wonder how much Hazel was paid to provide a manipulated test subject like Alessandra and how many of the medical professionals knew she was a lab-rat.
- Is there something even more sinister going on at Dénia hospital other than doctors who work there turning up on [switcheroo porn nights at the conservatory](../../crimes/protagonists/vidal-sastre.md#four-distinct-men).
- Did Hazel recommend an [utterly useless therapist](../2023/december.md#alessandras-psychotherapy) in 2023, ensuring that Alessandra never asks questions about what happened?
- Curiously, not long before she "got ill", Alessandra had an abortion.
- The father was Paul Matthews; another man who probably [turned up at my house while I was sedated](../2023/october.md#paul-and-alessandra).
- Did the criminal gangs need to gather foetal cells from Alex to ascertain whether or not she was an adequate test subject? 
- Did they also need foetal cells from Alessandra for the procedure itself? 
