# 2010

## Mike Wenham

- I'm back in the UK and I get my first job in programming as a junior Java developer for a e-commerce company owned by British Telecom.
- I love the job.
- I'm one of two women in a department of many men.
- The other woman is being bullied, relentlessly. It's ugly.
- I don't know how to help her. It's my first job as a programmer and I want to do well.
- About four months after I start, she walks out.
- The team sing, 'Ding dong the witch is dead'.
- Another man, Peter, walks out in disgust at the same time.
- The bullying reverts to me immediately.
- Porn on my screen. Rape jokes.
- It's relentless and overwhelming.
- I realize I will never advance in a brutal and hostile environment like this, and leave.
- My boss, Mike Wenham, is furious and tries to get me to stay.

!!! info "Two weeks before I hand in my notice"
    - I hand in my notice on the run up to the New Year.
    - Mike was moonlighting as a builder and had an account on one of the builder platforms.
    - Two weeks before I left, Mike had been doing building work in a maisonette in Lesley Road very near to my street in East Finchley, literally the next road.
    - He had asked me to come and see him there one Saturday morning. It must have been December 4th or 11th of 2010.
    - I wasn't sure why he was asking me to pop over, I just thought friendliness.
    - Anyway, I went along and he let me in, or the door was open and he was at the top of the stairs. 
    - He was carrying a stanley knife.
    - All the floors were protected by plastic sheeting.
    - It was the upstairs maisonette and I only came up half way before deciding I didn't want to go up to see him and left.

### Two years later

- Mike's wife emails everyone asking for support because her husband has just murdered a woman. I'm in Lourdes at the time.
- Mike had contacted me a couple of weeks before the murder, out of the blue, and asked me if I wanted to go to an ayahuasca ceremony with him.
- It seems like he might have been hoping to murder me.

### Three years later

- Details about Mike's extremely sordid case is [published in the tabloids](https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/michael-wenham-dad-who-decapitated-5071160).
- 