# 2011

- After the [devastating experience with Mike Wenham](2010.md#mike-wenham) which heralded the beginning of the nearly-complete destruction of my professional career as a developer, I realize I would benefit from an extended trip to India.
- I spend 6 months in India from March to September, then a month in Thailand before returning home.

!!! tip "What I did in India this year..."
    - I attend a [Sivananda yoga teacher training course](https://sivananda.org.in/neyyardam/) in Kerala.
    - I then spend two weeks in Rishikesh at [Parmarth Niketan](https://parmarth.org/) on a yoga course, then go on to make the Char Dham pilgrimage by private car.
    - I spend a month in Dharamsala doing Buddhist meditation practices, mainly Vipasana, then I return to Rishikesh for more intense yoga courses at Parmarth.
    - After this I spend a few weeks at an ashram near Rishikesh run by a follower of Sri Aurobindo who is, thankfully, away traveling when I visit.
    - I then do an Iyengar course in Dehradun at the [Yog Ganga centre](https://www.yog-ganga.com/centre/) before heading to Thailand for fasting practices.

## Gammadian Freeman & his mate

- Something had made me sign up to [Jitendra's course online](2010.md#why-i-decided-to-be-celibate-for-the-rest-of-my-life) again early in the year.
- I believe now this was likely online manipulation again.
- I even sent him some money; about 400 euros.
- Something makes me realize I've made a massive mistake, and I ask him to return the money.
- I meet a man in Finsbury Park, London, who practices Tensegrity just like [my German friend](../2023/september.md#my-friend-the-german-translator) from Dénia.
- I met him previously at a course in Barcelona in 2008 or 2009; Richard.
- He made a beeline for me on the course, and *pushed his way in*, as they do.
- Interestingly, an older woman got between us and distracted him, and he left me alone in Barcelona after that, but he got my contact details and we stayed in touch.
- He texted me unusually once, at a significant moment in November 2010 while I was working for Mike Wenham; it surprised and alarmed me.
- Was it supposed to? I wonder about that now...
- At the Barcelona Cleargreen retreat in 2008 or 2009, I was sharing accommodation with a bunch of women.
- If I had been sedated and raped there, my roommates would all have been sedated along with me.
- It is possible, I guess, because the "accommodation" was in residential apartments with the owners living there alongside us and we were all sharing and paying more than a normal hotel; not that difficult for the dedicated porn-gangs to have organized.
- This was the same trip on which my tiny elephant Eli suddenly had a little heart printed on his chest. It was rather peculiar.
- I met [Lydie](2005.md#womens-retreat-with-sat-santokh) for a vegetarian meal, and introduced her to Eli (who I carried everywhere with me) and she noticed it first.
- Anyway, this Richard fellow, a Londoner, calls himself [Gammadian Freeman](https://openwing.weebly.com/about.html).
- We become friends and, coincidentally I assume, he is also going to India at the same time as me in 2011.
- I tell him what my plans are and he joins.
- We both stay at Parmarth Niketan and do the two-week yoga course there.
- He comes with me to help me get my money back from Jitendra.
- He tells the guru at Parmarth that he's personal friends with the Dalai Lama.
- He's exaggerating a connection his Cleargreen teachers had *once* with the Dalai Lama and he wasn't even there! I've no idea this is all going on...
- After the course, we go on the Char Dam pilgrimage. 
- I had started to think about the pilgrimage during the course and didn't really want to be traveling alone in India.
- I ask Richard he if would like to accompany me and he agrees.
- We rent a taxi who drives us to Gangotri, Yamunotri, Kedarnath, and Badrinath over 11 days.
- It's spectacular!
- Richard has *assumed* a romantic relationship with me, but he never once asked me if I was interested in him or spoke to me about it at all.
- I was not giving him any signs apart from being friendly with him.
- It was very difficult, and he got extremely rude and angry with me when it became obvious to him I wasn't interested.
- He had already invited his pothead mate with him on Char Dam - prior to becoming angry with me - and they sat in the car and got high the whole time.
- It was embarrassing.
- They never asked the driver if it was OK to smoke pot in the car, and the driver was too polite to complain.
- The following year, Richard's Spanish mate Santiago from Madrid, another Cleargreen student, turned up in London kind of pretending he liked me, but didn't; the Spanish game of *get the woman back who rejected your mate*.
- This is interesting to me now because Richard played a weird game of never revealing his intentions, keeping me wondering, and then suddenly buying me a gift out of the blue which I tried not to accept.
- I said; "I don't deserve this", after he passed me the necklace.
- I meant he shouldn't have given me the gift, it was not deserved.
- He replied as if he was offended and my words meant that I thought he was too good for me.
- It was all very bizarre.
- Even more bizarre maybe was that the night we returned to Rishikesh and stayed in a guesthouse together until parting ways the following morning, I believe they spiked me with something.
- I had a very strange waking dream about being on a bed in a forest and not knowing who I was.
- I woke up and did not know who I was, I had no identity, the whole story of "Katie" was missing, like an Alzheimer symptom.
- I dreamed this same dream in Carrer Furs, a lot, about being on the bed in the forest, and it was the same dream [I had in Lamai in July 2023](../2023/july.md#the-first-time-i-become-terrified-about-being-arrested) while fraternizing with [Hala](../2023/july.md#hala).
- I have to wonder if the whole relationship with Richard was a set up, especially given Santi's future role, and furthermore given the proximity of everyone involved to Dénia.
- I have to also wonder if whenever I dreamt about the bed in the forest at Carrer Furs, I had been drugged without my knowledge.
- Were they already prepping me for the planned switcheroo?
- We know they're very, very long gamers, after all.

## Roberto from Alicante & Catalina

- While on yoga teacher training in Kerala I meet a Canadian woman, Catalina, whose mother is from Chile and her father Jewish.
- We become friends.
- Catalina is a psychotherapist and lives in Toronto, Canada.
- We are also both in Dharamsala in June doing Buddhist meditation retreats, and we reconnect there.
- She has met a man on her course from Alicante, Roberto, who does Iyengar yoga in the city and lives in Elche.
- They fall in love.
- She gets pregnant really quickly.
- They visited me in 2012 in Dénia at my apartment in Ramon Ortega.
- I spent New Year's with them in Elche in 2012 while I was working for Nokia.
- On New Year's Eve, I mentioned to Catalina how I was struggling with child sexual abuse trauma.
- I wonder about this now... does this mean sedated rape had already begun at my apartment by New Year's 2012 and I was traumatized by it and relating the consequent stress and anxiety to what I consciously knew about happening to me in 1989 - in the absence of any other explanation?
- In December 2024, during prolonged online communication with international criminal gangs - unknown to me at the time also monitored by global law enforcement bodies - I noticed a man staying at the same hotel as me in Lamai who looked *exactly* like Roberto; he could have been a brother.
- At the time, it felt friendly, protective. I was high though.
- I tweeted about it; although it may have been on a profile post because I cannot find the tweet now.
- Was it friendly, or was it evidence of the bad guys becoming more and more panicky about my continued survival, and needing to keep a very close eye on me to see who I was talking to?

### Hacked connections

- This makes me wonder if every woman I communicated with over the last three decades, and swapped numbers with, became a potential target?
- Do the porn gangs professional psychotherapists understand that traumatized people tend to connect with other traumatized people?
- Is that why [my friend who moved to France](../2024/august.md#1) appears in the multiple targeted women I will see on my X UI in August 2024?
- It must be easy to jump into another persons devices, via a WhatsApp link or similar, and start monitoring them.
- I wonder if they look for:
    - Early trauma (Catalina's parents had divorced when she was little).
    - Wealth.
    - Vulnerability levels (is she living alone, is there a boyfriend, husband, etc).
    - Is anyone going to come to the rescue?
- If enough boxes are ticked, do they then move in?
- If I'm right that the porn gangs have been operational and efficient for half-a century, assuming 11-year-old Abid Khan wasn't making up his descriptions of snuff-porn and other horrible things we should not have been hearing about at Holy Trinity primary school in East Finchley in 1983, and [the experiences of women like Irene](../2024/august.md#irene-the-plate-lady), especially in Spain, are more common than anyone can imagine, then where do you think these great minds that control the world might be leading us now...
- Certainly not to peace..
- Could the porn-gangs have become so bored of their evil business over many decades, they started targeting women who are *challenges*, such as myself with my links to international terrorism and everything that comes with that...
- Did this "challenging-women" approach become an online betting game.. together with "will the female-tech-colleague-you-hate commit suicide"?
- Isn't this what we should expect from billions of porn-sick men who despise women and girls, and are totally controlled by criminal gangs who threaten to tell their mothers, employers, police, what they've been up to if they do not OBEY?
- One wonders what the porn gangs might ask of these poor sick men: say something weird (and here are the exact words) to your sister at 12.30pm, go out and make a weird face (description given) to a woman wearing red who you will see walking down the road in 10 minutes, jump out into the middle of the road in 30 seconds in front of a black car and do a silly dance (make sure you're wearing headphones), give us 80% of your tech-start-up's systems data processing power (funded by Western financiers) because the caliphate is paying us billions to use it for their AI manipulation tech... (it's bloody working too)...
