# 2013

<div id="google_translate_element"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="//translate.google.com/translate_a/element.js?cb=googleTranslateElementInit"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
function googleTranslateElementInit() {
  new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');
}
</script>

## Dad visits at Fallas

- Out of the blue, dad says he is going to visit me in Spain.
- He has *never* visited me anywhere I lived before, or paid any interest in my life, apart from a couple of times; once when he helped me get onto a BA (Hons) Performance Arts course at Middlesex University in 1991, and another when he was the sole sympathetic person I knew while I was suffering from suicidal depression in 2016.
- In fact, apart from his brother Joe visiting Amsterdam for the Lockerbie trials in 2000, or me getting an MSc in 2004 and a PhD in 2009, I would never have seen nor spoken to him while I was living abroad until March 2013 in Dénia.
- I'm delighted he's coming and I believe its because he wants to see me.
- I think today in December 2025 that someone from the Red Lion suggested he visit me, in that meaningful tone. 
- Perhaps they used the word *must*.
- *You know, you must go and visit your daughter in Dénia*, or *Why don't you...* wink wink.
- I also now believe that something happened when he visited in March of this year; perhaps we met someone in the Irish pub during the Fallas celebrations who came back to the apartment.
- I have a very clear memory of much of his visit, apart from this evening.
- Amazingly, I was also sacked from my job at Nokia this very same week for being incompetent!
- I remember being upset about everything, and being sure I was going to leave the apartment.
- Did he spill the beans to the porn-gangs of Dénia in March 2013, making sure they would never leave me alone until I was DNA in their very famous field with all the other women and children, making it out to be *all my fault* the whole way along, as they do, everyone happy to agree?

## Lorraine's trans child

- It is 2013, and Lorraine's daughter believes she is a boy.
- Lorraine is distraught, fraught, and asks me to talk to her.
- At that time, I, like everyone else, had no idea what was going on with regards to gender ideology.
- I said the wrong things most likely, and didn't think anything of it until Lorraine told me her daughter was talking about taking hormones and undergoing surgery.
- At that moment I changed my view, I was alarmed in fact, but I didn't see much of Lorraine and her family after that.
- Lorraine's daughter was groomed into believing she was the opposite sex so early on, I can only assume this is a requirement the Dénia hypno-tech specialists were tasked with, and Lorraine's daughter was a test subject.
- Is this why they murdered Lorraine?
- Had Lorraine started to discover the truth?
- Did my TERFing activity add on to all the justifications for murdering me too?

### Working for the Grupo Glorieta with Lorraine

- I did a few months English teaching for the Grupo Glorieta at the end of this year (November-December 2013) and beginning of the next (January-March 2014).
- The 2012 work is recorded in government systems; Grupo Glorieta neglected to account for my work in 2014.
- Lorraine got me the work.
- I did one month at the end of 2013 with the computer technical group, mostly men, where I met [*Mark* in the front row](../../crimes/protagonists/vidal-sastre.md#mark-from-english-class-in-2013) who I have mentioned [talking with Lorraine about](2008.md#working-for-lorraine-blackbourn) previously.
- Sitting next to him was a big ole muscle-head worth looking up.
- Sitting next to muscle-head, was another curious person, an older cowboy type.
- In fact, why not look the whole computer technician class up.
- They had asked one of the decent guys who sat alone to talk to me like I was an idiot; which he did after being a very nice person for a few classes. It was like he was on drugs. Perhaps they had spiked him.
- I guess this was *meet and greet* time, given the all clear at [Fallas from dad probably](#dad-visits-at-fallas), and supported by the Generalitat and government as all these classes were funded by the European Union.
- And then, as mentioned, during January-March just before I left for [Lourdes in 2014](2014.md#invitation-to-lourdes), I did another class for them which I loved.
- Thank God for Mary. 
- I think since Fallas, losing my job, and hidden traumas, I started to think about my first novel [Life without the Liar](https://www.amazon.com/Life-Without-Liar-Margaret-Murphy/dp/1500734381) which was about gang-rape and sex offending, without the porn connection which I was completely unaware of.
- It was also a book I dedicated to Bernadette, my aunt, and Bernadette my love at Lourdes.
- It was a healing book and I felt that Mary wanted me to write it, even when I didn't; a bit like this one.
- She was setting it all up for us, wasn't she, answering those prayers and there are a good few.

## The gays leave suddenly

- I am living in Dénia, in the Passeig Periodista Ramon Ortega apartment block.
- I invite friends over for dinner: Margaret who I met at the U3A, a British pensioner, and a gay couple who are ostensibly her friends rather than mine.
- Dandy is an English teacher who was working previously at the Javea school. I have completely forgotten the husband's name unfortunately, but he was an anaesthetist at the local Dénia hospital.
- The husband is angry that night, very angry. It's not really clear why but he keeps alluding to things related to it.
- They are moving from Dénia back to the UK. It is all very hurried. I wonder if that is why the husband is so angry.
- In one of his angry rants, he mentions Hazel Smith, and alcoholism. I wonder why.

!!! info "Why did the anaethetist mention Hazel?"
    - This story includes many instances of voyeurism, secret camera footage, and the online hacking of laptop/phone cameras in Dénia and beyond.
    - As I was collating the information related to what happened to me, including the possibility I had been targeted for blackmail with sex tapes, it seemed sensible to wonder if what made the gay couple up and leave so quickly, and be so angry and resentful about it, could be related.
    - It was curious that he mentioned Hazel, and especially in relation to alcoholism, which was [the story I had used to (apparently) detach myself from her](2007.md#hazel-smith).
    - I have a vague memory of the anaethestist saying, furiously, something like, "she just took the keys!"
    - Does Hazel live in their old house now?

!!! danger "In retrospect"
    - I now wonder if Hazel and Sandra Smith got their hands on my friend Margaret; a female pensioner living alone, a sitting duck maybe.
    - I didn't see Margaret for a while after the dinner, and when I finally went round to her house, she looked really unwell, dishevelled, whiter-haired, older. She told me she'd had a spell of despond but was feeling better.
    - Margaret, a woman in her 80s, and disabled, was robust and strong, so I was shocked to see her looking so frail. 
    - Curiously, whenever I asked any of my British friends about Margaret over more recent years (2022-24), everyone said they didn't know her, even people that had been very involved with the [Help charity](https://helpmarinaalta.org/). 
    - Margaret and I used to volunteer at Dénia hospital as a volunteer pair for Help. We really enjoyed it.
    - While we're at it, how about Alf & Petra, other pensioner friends of mine from Dénia. Their name label is still on their flat postbox on the Avenida de Alcoi. They had been very active in the Moors & Christians fiestas.
    - [Enric](2008.md#enric) told me A&P had gone back home to the UK but I can't find any information about them anywhere. 
    - Strangely, as with Margaret, everyone, including the [Javea Computer Club](2007.md#javea-computer-club) member list manager, said they didn't know them when I asked after them, and they had been members of the JCC for a good few years. 

## Meeting Mercedes

- I met Mercedes, a woman in her 60s from Madrid, at the Orfeo de Dénia choir.
- I had been attending the choir twice a week.
- The choir master then, and today, is Klara Sarkadi.
- At some point, I believe it was on a choir trip, Mercedes starts telling me about how she is planning to study the piano at the conservatory.
- She tells me she studied piano when she was younger to a fairly high standard.
- It was a strange conversation on the bus and I got the feeling it was a set up conversation because she seemed to be angry with me somehow.
- The [conservatory of Dénia](https://portal.edu.gva.es/conservatoridenia/) is a public-funded music school. The students are mostly children and teenagers (minors), and a small number of adults, who study a range of instruments from beginner to advanced levels.
- I studied music for my first degree in 1991-1994 and I have played the piano since I was 5.
- I hadn't played for 20 years at that time and I really wanted to play again. 
- Mercedes promised to help me prepare for the entrance exam, which isn't easy, and even more complicated for people who don't understand Valenciano.
- We plan to apply for the next intake, 2014-15, for the first year of professional piano studies.
- We study together for the exam. 
- She manages to get hold of the entrance exam paper which I can revise from.
- I never question her motives even though I, viscerally, don't trust her.

### Mercedes' husband Miguel Angel

- I taught Mercedes husband, Miguel Angel, English for a short while before he became ill with lung cancer.
- He was fit and well at the time.
- Lung cancer is what Mercedes had told me he was sick with.
- I reported this to Klara Sarkadi also who asked about him one time.
- Whenever I went round, I often noticed he had been watching porn online as he sometimes opened those pages by accident on his computer.
- Miguel Angel has had lung cancer since 2014.
- Miguel Angel told me Mercedes was from a gypsy bloodline.
- Miguel Angel had been a rich business man or lawyer of some sort before he retired
- He told a story about how they had traveled to Valencia one year in the 70s and parked the car somewhere to have a meal, and when they got back to the car all their luggage had been stolen from the boot of the car.
- He was amazed they got in without a key, and closed the boot afterwards.

## Boots opticians North Finchley

- I attend an appointment at Boots opticians in North Finchley around this time.
- I am concerned because I'm feeling like bright lights cause me a lot of trouble.
- I started to notice this on plane journeys away from Spain and back to the UK.
- I tell the opticians I'm worried about this as I literally cannot look at these lights - I have to cover my eyes - and it is very unusual to me because I never experienced this before.
- She tells me there's nothing at all wrong with my eyes.

### Flash backs on an airplane over London

- This was strange.
- I was flying back to London one time this year and I remember, distinctly, looking down and having a very - what I only realized later - hallucinatory experience.
- We were flying over London and it was a clear day and I was looking down at the roads and houses, and it all looked like something I had seen out of the Alien films, like it's spacecraft.
- It was so vivid, I told my mum London looked like something from the Alien.
- Now, I know, it was probably to do with some low level hallucinogen I was ingesting even back then; it was extremely trippy.
- I wonder if sedating rape-porn gangs were simply losing too many targets to heart attacks triggered by the panic of the attack and not consciously knowing what had happened - the body *always* knows. See, for example, [my mum in 2016](../early-years/2016.md#april) or [Cindy maybe](../2022/october.md#cindy).
- Did they decide to dose women and children up so as the body was relaxed during these horrible experiences, and not to murder them by accident and/or too quickly?

## The woman in the squat

- Around this time, Christine introduces me to a woman who had expressed a desire to get to know me after I wrote and published my book, [The Liar](), and given a talk about self-publishing and shamanism at the Javea Computer Club.
- I ended up giving a more focussed talk about shamanism somewhere in the Jalon Valley to a bunch of people.
- The woman was in her 50s and lived in a squat with three dogs; the house was a mansion in the countryside.
- She had A Course In Miracles set up on a stand in the middle of an enormous living room where she told me she practiced.
- She was talking about doing spiritual retreats there; I don't remember much more about this.
- I do remember she spoke about a boyfriend, a younger man, a man that had caused her a lot of trouble.
- Did she say he'd tried to make her do porn and she refused?
- I didn't pry. Perhaps I should have.
- I saw her again at the Javea Computer Club on one occasion I went in 2022.
- She was unable to walk without sticks.

## Traveling back to UK at Christmas with Verity Sawyer

- Verity was a British woman who lived in the town and opened the sports centre there, Sawyer's Gym, now [Dénia Centro de Fitness](https://www.deniacentrodefitness.com/).
- Verity was a good friend of Lorraine's.
- When I met her, at Christmas, she explained she had had to sell her business and she was moving back to the UK. She didn't explain why.
- We met in Muswell Hill where she was *sharing a flat* with a woman in some capacity.
- I met her and she told me she was suffering from depression.
- One link to online-stalking applications is that she had been hooked by the `11:11` thing and I take that now to mean she had been hacked and manipulated online by the usual crowd.
- When I [got involved with Domingo](2014.md#conservatory-audition) the following year, I complained a little to Lorraine about what was happening, specifically about when I invited Domingo to my family home in London and how rude and obnoxious he had been, and she said, oh it sounds like what happened with Verity.

