## February to July

- I move from Dénia to live in Lourdes, mainly to volunteer at the baths and to write a novel.
- I bring my keyboard with me so I can practice for the audition at the conservatory.
- I study for the written exam and the sight singing, and I practice my keyboard every day.

## April

- I formally apply by post to the [conservatory of Dénia](https://portal.edu.gva.es/conservatoriDénia/es/inici/) to join the first year of professional studies for piano.

## May

- I receive the [receipt of my application from the Generalitat](../../content/documents/papeles-conservatorio/justificante-may-2014.pdf).

## June

### Conservatory audition

- I travel back to Dénia to take the exam.
- Domingo Cano Lopez is there, in the background.
- He makes a point of meeting me to talk and introduce himself.
- His English is very good.
- I find him a bit weird, odd looking, unwell maybe but polite and charming.

## September

### Studies begin

- I start the first year of professional piano studies at Dénia conservatory.
- Domingo is going to be my piano teacher, it has been arranged.
- I have no problem with this.
- Domingo is a muscle-man-type and looks like he may have been taking testosterone and similar. 

### First piano class at the end end of September

- Domingo asks if I want to go for coffee after class, I decline.
- I'm staying at the Hotel Costa Blanca in Dénia.
- I get really sick after class, flu-like symptoms. 
- As well as that, I become deliriously upset about something, and I phone home ranting, two or three times, on the night I get sick.
- I'm better the next day and I don't understand what happened.
- I felt like I was spiked with drugs it was so out of the ordinary.
- I forget about it.

### Finding a flat

- I had problems finding a flat in Dénia so I reached out to my old landlady in Madrid who told me the flat I had previously lived in was available
- It was in a terrible mess when I arrived and there was a toxic smell.
- I cleaned the whole house, but I continued to smell something weird, so I started looking for somewhere else and left.
- I found a flat nearby but there was a chain-smoker next door and poor ventilation.
- Domingo came to the flat to see the piano I had bought (it had been available for sale at the storage facility I had my stuff in for 150 euros!). On the walk there, we went through the tunnel under the castle, and when we were on the other side, Domingo mentioned how the gypsies lived in that area. He said it in a kind of fearful way. I wondered why.
- Suddenly, a flat came up somewhere else, it was the only one available. It wasn't ideal, but I had no choice so I moved in. The address was Avenida Joan Fuster, 11.

## October

### Second class

- Domingo asks if I want to go for coffee.
- I decline.

### Third class 

- Domingo asks if I want to go for coffee.
- Slightly warn down, I agree.
- We go for coffee.
- I find Domingo sexist and disagreeable.
- He talks about his ex-girlfriend who left him for another man who she now has a baby with.
- She's German and he visited her family in Germany, he tells me.
- It's not clear why they split up.
- We go for lunch and for dinner on different occasions.
- The dinner is at the Japanese restaurant and we are sitting at a table with two other couples and Domingo is very loud and obnoxious. I find him a little embarrassing. I feel like he knows the people at dinner as they do not respond normally to his very weird and loud performances.
- I find out he has a problem with food, something like bulimia.
- He keeps telling me, loudly, about how I'm so old. I find it offensive and weird given he is only a couple of years younger than me.

!!! important
    - I now believe Domingo's references to my age were with regards to me not being so *porn-ready*, and/or how like it was for me to be sold on to a friend and breed.
    - It turns out, you see, Domingo is gay.

### Consequent classes

- We become friends, even though I don't like him particularly.
- I don't feel unsafe with him. There is not that feeling of a man wanting to have sex with me, which always use to make me nervous and apprehensive. I feel more like I'm with a gay man but I don't really register these things consciously at the time.
- He starts love bombing me while saying offensive and extremely sexist things; women shouldn't be in politics, women are terrible drivers, etc.
- He tells me he is seeing a therapist for something he doesn't disclose but I guess it's bulimia and maybe relationships.
- He plays mind games with me and other women, including the yoga teacher Natalia. He shows me pictures he has taken of her doing yoga poses. It's not clear if she's aware she's being photographed.
- It seems like he is trying to make me jealous, which is ridiculous.
- I think he is immature and sexist. I'm thoroughly unimpressed with him.

## November

### Domingo comes for tea

- Domingo visits my house for tea one Sunday evening.
- He tells me he approves of my kitchen.
- We have tea.
- He leaves.
- On the way out he puts a large chewed-up bolus of the biscuits I offered him into one of my boots at the door.
- I find this when I go to put my boot on the following day.

### I visit Domingo's house

- Domingo makes soup for me.
- He serves the soup into two dishes, and gives me the broken dish.

### Sexualized comments about schoolgirls

- On one occasion we are having coffee and a group of schoolgirls walk past in their school uniforms.
- They are probably no more than 14.
- Domingo says sexualizing things about them; things you might imagine a man in the 1960s would say about 14 year old girls in school uniforms.
- I am appalled.

### A conservatory trip

- There is going to be a trip to Paris or similar.
- Domingo suggests I come along as one of the guardians.
- He mentions something that makes my ears prick up which is reference to looking after the girls at night while we're away.
- There's something not right about what he's saying and I relate it to his views on schoolgirls generally.

### He gets to me

- It's not clear how because he's so offensive but the love bombing is working.
- I find myself becoming a bit obsessed with him.
- But I'm ambivalent.
- It's difficult to know what to do because he is my piano teacher and I have to see him every week at the conservatory.
- He has pushed his way into my life rather forcefully and I don't particularly like him.
- However, he is using love bombing tactics on me which are making me obsess over him.
- I invite him to London as I am going and I would like the company. I have found home very difficult over previous years due to the relationship with my brother breaking down.

!!! info "Current thoughts"
    - I wonder now if I was being medicated with some aphrodisiac-type substance at that time, just as I have been more recently.
    - The feelings I had then match exactly how I have been feeling in recent years in Dénia with regards to the trumpet teacher, albeit slightly less so.

## December

### Trip to London

- Domingo (apparently) lies to the conservatory about being unwell so he can go to London with me.
- We set off in my car to Valencia airport and take a flight together.
- Going through security, Domingo tells me he used to dance naked (or nearly so) at a nightclub in Gandia.
- I tell Domingo that when I was young I used to go raving and take ecstasy.
- At that moment, Domingo's attitude changes towards me.
- At the boarding gate, Domingo flirts outrageously with a woman from the airline and I'm offended.
- Throughout the trip, Domingo is rude and obnoxious, flirting with women constantly, and I'm so appalled at his behavior I realize I want nothing to do with him.
- I tell him I think he's an ape.
- I am disgusted with him.

### End of term concert

- I play two Chopin preludes:
<!--
    - [Op 28 No 9](../../content/sound/Chopin_prelude_op28_no_9.wav)
    - [Op 28 No 10](../../content/sound/Chopin_preludes_op28_no_10.wav)-->

### Back in Dénia

- Domingo is upset with me and we have a breakdown in amicable communication. However, he is still my piano teacher.
- I start to feel anxious and my mind starts racing with concerns about him.
- He threatens to poison me: He tells me a story about a woman his uncle was with who tried to leave, and then he described how this woman turned yellow over some months, with big black circles under her eyes, how she got really sick, and her hair fell out.
- I understood this to be an unequivocal threat of violence, and I realized I needed to be as far away from this man as possible.

!!! danger "Crime alert"
    - Threatening people with violence is a crime.

- Domingo tells me I'm frigid, and I hear him telling the other teachers the same thing, very loudly, in the corridors at the conservatory.
- At the Christmas choir concert, a woman arrives for rehearsal, two hours before the show, and sits in the middle of the auditorium seating and glares at me. I'm sure it's Domingo's mother. She looks like him.
- I never met any of his family although he told me he had a sister Carmen.

### At the conservatory

- Although our relationship has broken down, he is still my piano teacher.
- Domingo says to me loudly, I know who you can be with.
- Suddenly, another teacher, Nacho Guerrero Nácher, a clarinet teacher, is always around looking weird.

!!! tip
    - When I say "always around", it's like always there when I am, planned and contrived.

- I realize Domingo's intention is to set me up with this guy.
- I feel quite sick. The implications is that Domingo owns me and will continue to control what goes on my life. I wonder how he could possibly feel this way about women.
