## First class of January

- After Christmas break, Domingo tells me he has "decided" everything is OK and we can continue with classes.
- I'm horrified by his blase demeanor after everything that has happened and I request a new teacher from the management.

!!! warning
    - You can find a list of current teachers and staff on the [conservatory website](https://portal.edu.gva.es/conservatoridenia/es/inici/).
    - The Generalitat Valenciana systems are so vulnerable to attack that it is possible that names are incorrect or even false in the GV systems and/or websites.

## Joan Carles Poquet

- Joan Carles becomes my new piano teacher. He is quiet and respectful and I feel I can tell him everything that happened, which I do, including Domingo's inappropriate attitude and sexualization of teenage girls.
- I explained to Joan Carles that Domingo shouldn't ask students out for coffee. It's inappropriate and causes problems.
- I can hear myself being talked about throughout the conservatory.
- The rest of the academic year is uneventful except I feel a lot of negativity towards me at the conservatory.
- I love playing the piano however. It's a huge privilege and joy.

## Maria Hontanilla

- In September I start the second year of professional studies and Maria is my new teacher.
- I'm sick a lot this autumn.
- My studies are fine but I have other things on my mind.
- Mercedes begins with Domingo as her teacher and it is clear she was never particularly advanced on the piano.

## Statement to the Metropolitan police

- Since 2006, when I first reported child sexual abuse to the police, I had spent a lot of time thinking about what had happened to me in 1989, and over the years I had pieced together a fuller story.
- I take a full month to write a statement to the Metropolitan Police on my laptop and I send it to them via email.
- The statement was very detailed; names, addresses, car descriptions, and events such as being drugged and raped repeatedly.
- The process of writing this out re-traumatizes me. I have no emotional support. My family is uninterested and extremely unhelpful.
- The police arrange for me to make another video statement in London.
- They claim they have no records of my visit in 2006 but that seems unlikely.

