## January

- I visit London and give a video interview with a Metropolitan police detective, Lauren Ott, and a colleague of hers.
- It was an extremely positive experience.
- I was re-traumatized however.
- My family were disinterested in what was going on for me and, my mother in particular, said extraordinarily hurtful things to me.
- The police talk to everyone I mentioned and arrest one of the protagonists on the basis of my claims.
- This guy was already well known to the police, him (and his accomplice whose name I never remembered) was probably a police informant and had been to prison more than once.
- I felt hopeful about getting some justice.
- I'm continuing with year 2 of professional piano studies at the conservatory. It is uneventful.

## March

- I am looking for work as a Java developer.
- I am either headhunted or apply for a job that comes up in Alicante.
- I am interviewed online by a man who explains their company does scientific research into sexually transmitted diseases and they need a developer. However, I would be looking at genitals every day. 
- It's disappointing. I don't want to be looking at genitals every day.
- I tell Porsche about this. 
- Porsche asks me for the name of the company and even asks me to spell it for her. She takes out a pen and paper and writes down the name of the company and its spelling.
- The guy who interviewed me never contacts me again.
- I believe at the time, and now, that Domingo is behind all of this. I assume that Porsche probably phoned up the company and maligned me on Domingo's request.
- To back up that suspicion, Klara Sarkadi had previously told me that Porsche had phoned her up and put on a silly voice pretending she was someone else and asked her stupid questions.
- Now I'm not so sure about my initial suspicions. I believe instead that the man who interviewed me and Domingo knew each other. It seems more likely that Domingo simply instructed her to do that, and she obeyed, so that I would assume she was maligning me behind my back.

!!! important
    - I now believe the man I had the interview with is the same man who acted as trumpet teacher at the conservatory in 2022/23 and who was recruited for the sole purpose of terrorizing and grooming me, or perhaps even set the whole thing up for reasons related to the child sexual abuse I had experienced.

## April

- Mum and dad came to visit me for a few days.
- They stayed in the Hotel Costa Blanca.
- My mum got sick and had to go to A&E. They didn't tell me about this until the next day
- She had become extremely anxious and shaking, her heart racing, and she was very scared because of her high blood pressure.
- She went to the emergency room and they gave her a sedative and she was completely fine.
- She put it down to the two coffees she'd had.

!!! info
    - I now wonder if she had also been somehow "medicated".

## May

- I join an informal yoga class near to my house.
- One morning, I do a face-pack at home before yoga.
- When I go to the yoga class, one of the women there points at her face, circles her finger around it, and then points at me, and circles her finger around her face again, and says very nice and smiles weirdly.
- I'm really surprised. Her actions make me think she has seen me with my face-mask on but that's not possible.
- I think nothing more of it.

### Planning to leave

- I plan to leave Dénia and go traveling.
- I am starting to become depressed by everything that's happened with regards to the sexual abuse and police action, and so I hope to get some relief and peace by doing yoga and healing retreats in Asia.
- Maria Hontanilla is desperate to convince me to stay and says I can get a job at the Denia hospital as a computer specialists and she will organize it. Domingo is obviously behind this.

<!-- Documentary about the police with the officer showing his colleagues animal porn with delight -->

## End of October, early November 

- The Crown Prosecution Service changes the charging criteria for rape.
- I speak to Lauren when I'm in India and she tells me they're not charging the man they've arrested.
- I'm devastated and very quickly slip into a more serious depression.
- I'm feeling constantly suicidal.
- I have nowhere to go so I go home.
- Dad is supportive and kind, my mother and brother are not.
- My GP in London puts me on medication and the suicidal thoughts stop instantly.
- I put on about 1.5 stone in 2 weeks and feel lethargic and unwell.
