# 2017

## Email and call monitoring

- Knowing I'm feeling suicidal.
- Them knowing why and believing I'll never know.
- The perfect victim.
- Is it possibly they intercepted emails between myself and my mother, or is she truly evil.

## Mail order drug addiction

- I change the medication in an attempt to stop putting on weight.
- I start feeling extraordinarily anxious.
- My mother offers me some valium.
- It works.
- I stop taking the prescription medication but continue taking valium.
- I become horribly addicted to it.
- I wonder about the true source of this medication and whether criminal gangs familiar to this story might have something to do with its distribution via Royal Mail.

## A weird Spanish teacher

- Cervantes centre

## Sandra at Lourdes

- I bump into Sandra at Lourdes in the queue for the baths.
- She makes a huge deal about the "coincidence" of our meeting.
- She overdoes it.
- Nevertheless, we hang out a little.
- She tells me she is working at a primary school in Paris as an elementary teacher.
- In later years when I meet her, she has left this job due to burn-out.
- She shows me a picture of her class.

## Rape crisis Hornsey

- The Metropolitan Police refer me to the Rape Crisis centre in Hornsey.
- I'm on the waiting list for a therapist. I'm told it could take over year to get to the front of the queue.
- In the meantime, I attend group therapy.
- It may be the first session I attend. As I'm approaching the Rape Crisis building a man circles me on a bicycle. It is Winston M's accomplice from 1989. The man I could never remember the name of.
- He is extremely skinny. His legs are like sticks. He looks unwell; like he has been doing hard drugs for decades. I am in no doubt about who he is.
- I take my place in the circle.
- As we begin, the facilitator says to the group of women "just be aware that there could be a police officer here today".
- I tell the group what happened and who I saw, and how it made me feel, which was very anxious. I'm hyperventilating a little.
- One of the women at this session does not return for any other sessions.
- I can only explain this as an impromptu line up, and I most certainly pointed out the true perp.

## Applying for the Met

- I apply for the Metropolitan Police. I was so impressed by the women that interviewed me this time around, I want to be just like them.
- I pass the first interview.
- I'm called for the physical but I know I'll fail because of the valium so I don't go.
