# 2017

## Email and call monitoring

- Knowing I'm feeling suicidal.
- Them knowing why and believing I'll never know.
- The perfect victim.
- Is it possibly they intercepted emails between myself and my mother, or is she truly evil.

## Mail order drug addiction

- I change the medication in an attempt to stop putting on weight.
- I start feeling extraordinarily anxious.
- My mother offers me some valium.
- It works.
- I stop taking the prescription medication but continue taking valium.
- I become horribly addicted to it.
- I wonder about the true source of this medication and whether criminal gangs familiar to this story might have something to do with its distribution via Royal Mail.

## A show at Sadler's Wells

- My dad was dancing with the Sadler's Well *Company of Elders*, a group of elderly people who live mostly in North London, until he fell.
- I've been to many of his shows over the years.
- It's a summer weekend and I go along to an afternoon show where they perform a few pieces.
- I think it's likely to be the Elixir festival.
- My aunt Paddy (dad's sister) and my cousin Leah (long-term North London criminal-gang honey-trap target for her Lockerbie compensation) are there too.
- I can't remember if I go alone, or with mum. I think alone probably.
- After the shows, there's often drinks with everyone and you get to meet the choreographers, the dancers, families and friends.
- I meet a Spanish man who is connected to the organization in some capacity - I can't remember if he actually works for the Sadler's Wells or if he is just friends with the choreographers.
- My dad wants me to meet him. He says, repeatedly, this man has worked at Dénia conservatory.
- We chat a little, I ask him what instrument he plays, it's the guitar.
- My dad whisks me away saying, *don't talk to him anymore*.

### I'd just passed the first day of the Metropolitan police recruitment process

- Interestingly...
- I was going through the recruitment process for the Met at the time.
- I'd had such a good experience with Lauren Ott and the investigation team just the year before - even though nothing was done about the rape-gangs at that time - I decided I'd sign up.
- The idea of nicking the worst-of-the-worst was inordinately appealing to me (still is, you can tell can't you).
- It wasn't the first time I tried to join the police either.
- Passing the first day of interviews for the Met could have even happened on the same week as the show.
- Are these two things connected; given North London criminal gangs know everything I do with pinpoint precision?
- Seems possible but I can't think of a purpose outside of maybe a sexual-assault trauma-trigger in person (was he a man who had actually been in one of my apartments while I was sedated?) perhaps in the hope I might be frightened out of continuing my application?

### Thoughts on a group of elderly people owning London properties meeting regularly

- Were Hazel and Sandra Smith, left alone to murder in peace, free to start up and run a criminal enterprise doing what they do best without ever stepping foot in the UK?
- Did they find out about the wealthy elderly-person's dance group because they were hacking me and knew everything I was doing?
- Were they unable to ignore the large group of wealthy Londoners close to the end of their lives?
- Was it a *too good to be true* source of income for them and Las Marinas's finest?

### While the switcheroo porn-scam was in full swing at Dénia conservatory...

- ...and I was expected to fall into [Bruno's arms at Alicante airport](../2023/june.md#sunday-18th-june-alicante-airport), prompting a speedy marriage, and a perma-high of elephant-strength-medication proportions rendering me nearly mute and hardly able to sign my name(see [wedding shoes bought at El Corte Ingles in Zaragoza](../2023/april.md#wedding-shoes) now in the attic at 31, we hope), a change of will with Spanish lawyers (they have to lower the dose so I can sign my name), and then SOMETHING HAPPENS to explain my suicide... and they get their sticky gorilla mitts into my near half a million euros...
- My dad thinks he was poisoned by one of the choreographers at the Sadler's Wells, and survived, and she had tried again but he knew what she was up to...
- And he also thinks another member Jeff suffered a similar fate not long before, and died.

## Sandra at Lourdes

- I bump into Sandra at Lourdes in the queue for the baths.
- She makes a huge deal about the "coincidence" of our meeting.
- She overdoes it.
- Nevertheless, we hang out a little.
- She tells me she is working at a primary school in Paris as an elementary teacher.
- In later years when I meet her, she has left this job due to burn-out.
- She shows me a picture of her class of tiny children.
- Shudder?

## On the way to Lourdes I'm stalked

- I took the train to Lourdes from London and changed in Paris.
- A man was sitting next to me (the opposite seats across the aisle) on the London to Gare de Nord portion of my trip on the Eurostar.
- I had gone to sleep without noticing him staring at me.
- When I awoke, about half an hour from Paris, he was sitting staring, sniggering and grinning at me.
- I smiled initially (because I didn't understand how famous I already was in criminal porn at the time) but his behavior was so weird I stopped smiling.
- This man became very weird with me, trying to take my bag, help me down from the train, trying to touch me, I eventually got angry with him in front of the other passengers.
- And he ran off. Fast.
- A black man of about 5'10'.
- Curiously, I believe the same man visited Lourdes while I was living there in 2020 when the sanctuary was mostly closed.
- This weird black man was always at the sanctuary for a few months (probably Jan-Feb-March 2020) before I started at Qredo and when I came down after lunch to see Mary.
- What was interesting is that Lourdes security teams did not like him at all, and they seemed to be following him a lot to get him to leave.
- I wonder why.

## Rape crisis Hornsey

- The Metropolitan Police refer me to the Rape Crisis centre in Hornsey.
- I'm on the waiting list for a therapist. I'm told it could take over year to get to the front of the queue.
- In the meantime, I attend group therapy.
- It may be the first session I attend. As I'm approaching the Rape Crisis building a man circles me on a bicycle. It is Winston M's accomplice from 1989. The man I could never remember the name of.
- Online hacking gangs from Denia tell me his name in 2026: *Busby*.
- Of course it was *Busby*.
- Winston May never stopped going on about *Busby*.
- He is extremely skinny. His legs are like sticks. He looks unwell; like he has been doing hard drugs for decades. I am in no doubt about who he is.
- I take my place in the circle.
- As we begin, the facilitator says to the group of women "just be aware that there could be a police officer here today".
- I tell the group what happened and who I saw, and how it made me feel, which was very anxious. I'm hyperventilating a little.
- One of the women at this session does not return for any other sessions.
- I can only explain this as an impromptu line up, and I most certainly pointed out the true perp.

## Applying for the Met

- I apply for the Metropolitan Police. I was so impressed by the women that interviewed me this time around, I want to be just like them.
- I pass the first interview.
- I'm called for the physical but I know I'll fail because of the valium so I don't go.
